Feature: pointer movement/scrolling (#2027)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/mouse-emulation.md

```
&mkp MB4
```

## Mouse Move

This behavior sends mouse X/Y movement events to the connected host.

### Behavior Binding

- Reference: `&mmv`
- Parameter: A `uint32` with 16-bits each used for vertical and horizontal velocity.

The following defines can be passed for the parameter:

| Define       | Action     |
| :----------- | :--------- |
| `MOVE_UP`    | Move up    |
| `MOVE_DOWN`  | Move down  |
| `MOVE_LEFT`  | Move left  |
| `MOVE_RIGHT` | Move right |

### Examples

> The following will send a scroll down event to the host when pressed/held:

Reviewer: Did you mean `mouse movement down` event?

```
&mmv MOVE_DOWN
```

The following will send a scroll left event to the host when pressed/held:

```
&mmv MOVE_LEFT
```

## Mouse Scroll

This behavior sends vertical and horizontal scroll events to the connected host.

### Behavior Binding

- Reference: `&msc`
- Parameter: A `uint32` with 16-bits each used for vertical and horizontal velocity.

The following defines can be passed for the parameter:

| Define       | Action     |
| :----------- | :--------- |

> | `MOVE_UP`    | Move up    |
> | `MOVE_DOWN`  | Move down  |
> | `MOVE_LEFT`  | Move left  |
> | `MOVE_RIGHT` | Move right |
> 
> ### Examples
> 
> The following will send a scroll down event to the host when pressed/held:
> 
> ```
> &msc MOVE_DOWN
> ```
> 
> The following will send a scroll left event to the host when pressed/held:
> 
> ```
> &msc MOVE_LEFT

Reviewer 2: I think this is what's actually meant, right?  At any rate this seems to work where MOVE_* did not...
```suggestion
| `SCRL_UP`    | Scroll up    |
| `SCRL_DOWN`  | Scroll down  |
| `SCRL_LEFT`  | Scroll left  |
| `SCRL_RIGHT` | Scroll right |

### Examples

The following will send a scroll down event to the host when pressed/held:

```
&msc SCRL_DOWN
```

The following will send a scroll left event to the host when pressed/held:

```
&msc SCRL_LEFT
```
